doc: Add the guide for integrating with IFTTT (#3092)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/integrations/webhooks/cloud-integrations/ifttt/ifttt-setup/_index.md

---
title: "IFTTT Setup"
description: ""
weight: 1
---

Create an applet on IFTTT and prepare the setup for integrating with {{% tts %}} by following the steps below.

<!--more-->

Log in to your IFTTT user account.

Select the **Create** button in the upper right. 

Click the **+ This** button.

> As a service, search and choose **Webhooks**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for and choose **Webhooks** as the service.
```

{{< figure src="choosing-a-service.png" alt="Choosing Webhooks as a service" >}}

Select **Receive a web request** as a trigger.

> Give a name to the trigger event and select the **Create trigger** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Give a name to the trigger event and click the **Create trigger** button.
```

{{< figure src="naming-trigger.png" alt="Naming a trigger event" >}}

Next, click the **+ That** button.

> There is a lot of action services you can choose depending on your setup. In this guide, **Android SMS** action service is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many action services to choose from. In this guide, we will use the **Android SMS** action service to trigger an sms from a LoRaWAN join request in {{% tts %}}.
```

{{< figure src="choosing-action-service.png" alt="Choosing Android SMS action service" >}}

You also need to specify the action within the action service. For the **Android SMS** action service, choose **Send an SMS** as an action. 

Complete the action fields by entering the phone number and SMS body, then click the **Create action** button.

{{< figure src="completing-action-fields.png" alt="Completing the action fields" >}}

Review your applet and select **Finish**.

After you have created your applet, make sure that its status is set to **Connected**.

Next, navigate to the [Webhooks service page](https://ifttt.com/maker_webhooks) and click the **Documentation** button in the upper right.

> Here you will find the URL info needed on {{% tts %}} to create a webhook integration with the previously created applet. Replace the **{event}** field with the name of your trigger event, then select and copy this URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find the URL you need to create a webhook integration on {{% tts %}}. Replace the **{event}** field with the name of your trigger event, then select and copy this URL.
```
